Release v0.37.0-alpha.3 (#366)
cometbft/cometbft: CHANGELOG.md

### BUG FIXES

- `[consensus]` Fixed a busy loop that happened when sending of a block part failed by sleeping in case of error.
  ([\#4](https://github.com/informalsystems/tendermint/pull/4))
- `[state/kvindexer]` \#77 Fixed the default behaviour of the kvindexer to index and query attributes by events in which they occur. In 0.34.25 this was mitigated by a separated RPC flag.  (@jmalicevic)
- `[docker]` enable cross platform build using docker buildx
  ([\#9073](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/9073))
- `[consensus]` fix round number of `enterPropose`
  when handling `RoundStepNewRound` timeout.
  ([\#9229](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/9229))
- `[docker]` ensure Docker image uses consistent version of Go
  ([\#9462](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/9462))

> - `[p2p]` prevent peers who have errored being added to the peer_set

Author: Adding this to the corresponding `unclog` entry

### IMPROVEMENTS

- `[e2e]` Add functionality for uncoordinated (minor) upgrades
  ([\#56](https://github.com/tendermint/tendermint/pull/56))
- `[tools/tm-signer-harness]` Remove the folder as it is unused
  ([\#136](https://github.com/cometbft/cometbft/issues/136))

> - `[p2p]` Reactor `Send`, `TrySend` and `Receive` renamed to `EnvelopeSend` to
>   allow a metric to be appended to the message and measure bytes sent/received

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[p2p]` Reactor `Send`, `TrySend` and `Receive` renamed to `SendEnvelope`, `TrySendEnvelope` and `ReceiveEnvelop` to  allow metrics to be appended to messages and measure bytes sent/received
```

Author: Same here
